Term Project: Call of Duty: 112 - Zombies 
    
Name: Luca Amblard
Andrew ID: lamblard
Section: D

Problem and Solution

The main problem I had to solve in my term project was figuring out a creative
way to apply backtracking to make zombies follow the soldier in the map.
My first attempt was extremely inefficient to the point where the zombies would
not move at all.

At first my map had open space so the first way I dealt with the inefficiency
was  making narrower paths. This works because the number of legal locations
for the zombies to check is significantly reduced. 

Additionally, in the backtracking algorithm, instead of looping through all
possible directions to check in the same order every time, I re-orderd the
directions.

I ordered the directions to check giving priority to the directions that
correspond to the directions from where the zombie, exectuing the algorithm, is
located to where the soldier is located. 

I did not make the zombies execute the backtracking algorithm all the time
because that would have been too inefficient.
I modelled the zombies as moving on a grid. A zombie spawns at an intersection
of the grid. The zombie executes the backtracking algorithm and then starts 
moving along a line of the grid. The zombie only re-executes the backtracking
algorithm when it it reaches the intersection of the grid it started moving
towards.

The bots in the coop mode use a similar backtracking algorithm as the zombies.
A bot determines whether there is a zombie to shoot while the bot is at an
intersection of the grid. It does this by loop through the cells in each
direction and checking if there is a zombie in the cell. If there is, the bot
shoots the zombie. The bot does not shoot the zombie if there is a wall between
the two (unless the penetration power up has been picked up, which allows this
to happen).










